# use update-requirements.py to update this file

addict==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via nltk
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
editdistance==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
fast-ctc-decode==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
future==0.18.2
    # via hyperopt
hyperopt==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.11.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via click
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jstyleson==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via scikit-image
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   openvino-dev
    #   scikit-image
nibabel==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
nltk==3.6.5
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   opencv-python
    #   openvino
    #   openvino-dev
    #   pandas
    #   parasail
    #   pywavelets
    #   rawpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
opencv-python==4.5.4.60
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
openvino==2021.4.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
openvino-dev==2021.4.2
    # via -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
packaging==21.3
    # via nibabel
pandas==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
parasail==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   openvino-dev
    #   scikit-image
progress==1.6
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
py-cpuinfo==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
pydicom==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
pymongo==3.12.1
    # via hyperopt
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
    #   yamlloader
rawpy==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
regex==2021.11.10
    # via nltk
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
scikit-image==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   openvino-dev
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
shapely==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   python-dateutil
texttable==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2020.9.3
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   nltk
    #   openvino-dev
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via importlib-metadata
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
yamlloader==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ci/requirements-openvino-dev.in
    #   openvino-dev
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata
